---
layout: post
title: "Managing Secrets / Key Vault"
date: 2017-05-16
category: security
tags: [Azure, Key Vault, Security, Terraform, CI/CD, v1]

---
It is very bad practice to store credentials on servers.

If so, should the server be compromised the hacker will have access to credentials and in-turn access to the back-end services.  Also, when you rotate your credentials you will have to do so on all of your servers.

An alternative method is to store your credentials in a central location and give the application server access to them.  Applying the principle of least privilege the relevant credentials should only give the required access required for the application to function.

__[Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/key-vault/){:target="_blank"}__
allows you to store Keys, Secrets and Certificates in a central location and configure policies to define how resources can access them.

Policies can state who or what should be allowed to access Key Vault and what actions they are allow to perform against them.

Interaction is pretty straight forward.

For example, to allow access to a Key Vault using Terraform you would issue:

~~~~~~
resource "azurerm_key_vault_access_policy" "wfbill_app_policy" {
    vault_name          = "<Name of the keyvault>"
    resource_group_name = "<Resource group of the keyvault>"

    tenant_id = "<Your tenant id>"
    object_id = "<The user, application or security group>"

    key_permissions = []

    secret_permissions = [ <permissions i.e. "backup", "delete", "get" etc>]
}
~~~~~~

To save a secret via Terraform:

~~~~~~
resource "azurerm_key_vault_secret" "wfbill_store_accesskey" {
    name      = "<name of the secret>"
    value     = "<value of the secret>"
    vault_uri = "<uri to the key vault>"
}
~~~~~~

To retrieve a secret via a C# app - i.e. the cloud storage connection string - we just put this into our code:

~~~~~~
var azureServiceTokenProvider = new AzureServiceTokenProvider();
var kvClient = new KeyVaultClient(new KeyVaultClient.AuthenticationCallback(azureServiceTokenProvider.KeyVaultTokenCallback), client);
string cloudStorageString = (await kvClient.GetSecretAsync("https://wfinfraprd-core.vault.azure.net/", "wfecomprd2020-accesskey")).Value;
~~~~~~

Pretty straight forward right?